README.md, before:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START (STARTER) -->
<h1 align="center">
  Paige Williams Portfolio
</h1>

View the live site [here](https://vigilant-kirch-6f65f0.netlify.com/contact/)

## Description 

This is my porfolio built with Gatsby and deployed with Netlify. 

## 🌳Component tree

![alt text](https://github.com/paigewilliams/portfolio/blob/feb14/src/assets/PortfolioComponentTree.jpg)

## 💭 Next steps 

[x] Create global styles
 
[x] Refactor code into more modular components

[x] Add images of projects

[ ] Add interactivity to resume page

[ ] Add lots of content

[ ] Create contact form component


## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the default starter.

    ```sh
    # create a new Gatsby site using the default starter
    npx gatsby new my-default-starter https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```sh
    cd my-default-starter/
    gatsby develop
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

    Open the `my-default-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!


## 💫 Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

Commit message:

Change component tree link and add tasks

README.md, after:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START (STARTER) -->
<h1 align="center">
  Paige Williams Portfolio
</h1>

View the live site [here](https://vigilant-kirch-6f65f0.netlify.com/contact/)

## Description 

This is my porfolio built with Gatsby and deployed with Netlify. 

## 🌳Component tree

![alt text](https://github.com/paigewilliams/portfolio/blob/master/src/images/component-tree.jpg)

## 💭 Next steps 

- [x] Create global styles
 
- [x] Refactor code into more modular components

- [x] Add images of projects

- [x] Create skill bars 

- [ ] Add interactivity to skill bars

- [ ] Add content to About and Contact page

- [ ] Organize projects by date

- [ ] Animate links with CSS

- [ ] Increase responsiveness

- [ ] Link to blogposts

- [ ] Link to Social (twitter, linkedIn, github, code pen)

- [ ] Design personal logo

- [ ] Convert resume text to markdown


## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the default starter.

    ```sh
    # create a new Gatsby site using the default starter
    npx gatsby new my-default-starter https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```sh
    cd my-default-starter/
    gatsby develop
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

    Open the `my-default-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!


## 💫 Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->
